How to obtain the Brain of the Cat, (Wilder).-Correction: Page 158, second column, line 7, "grains," should be "grams;" page 159, near middle of 2nd column, "successily," should be "successively;" page 161, the number of Flower's paper is 3.
Mr. Dopp desires to make the following correction in his paper in the last issue: "In my article on page 200 of "Science", the expression and should have been and being the velocity of light.
It may be conceded that after man had all his present faculties, he did not choose between the adoption of voice and gesture, and never with those faculties, was in a state where the one was used, to the absolute exclusion of the other. The epoch, however, to which our speculations relate is that in which he had not reached the present symmetric development of his intellect and of his bodily organs, and the inquiry is: Which mode of communication was earliest adopted to his single wants and informed intelligence? With the voice he could imitate distinictively but few sounds of nature, while with gesture he could exhibit actions, motions, positions, forms, dimensions, directions and distances, with their derivations and analogues. It would seem from this unequal division of capacity that oral speech remained rudimentary long after gesture had become an efficient mode of communication. With due allowance for all purely imitative sounds, and for the spontaneous action of vocal organs under excitement, it appears that the connection between ideas and words is only to be explained by a compact between speaker and hearer which supposes the existence of a prior mode of communication. This was probably by gesture. At least we may accept it as a clew leading out of the labyrinth of philological confusion, and regulating the immemorial quest of man's primitive speech.
I have thus touched, gentlemen, upon a few of the many subjects that crowd upon the mind for consideration on an occasion like this, - a few gleanings from a field which is passing rich in promise and possibility. It is a field that some of us have cultivated for many years, and yet have only scratched the surface ; and, if I have ventured to suggest or admonish, it is with the feeling that my own labors in this field are ere long about to end, and that I may not have another occasion. At no time in the history of the world has there, I trow, been gathered together such a body of devoted and capable workers in applied entomology. It marks an era in our calling, and, looking back at the progress of the past fifteen years, we may well ponder the possibilities of the next fifteen. They will be fruitful of grand results in proportion as we persistently and combinedly pursue the yet unsolved problems, and are not tempted to the immediate presentation of separate facts, which are so innumerable and so easily observed that their very wealth becomes an element of weakness. Epoch-making discoveries result only from this power of following up unswervingly any given problem or any fixed ideal. The kerosene emulsion ; the cyclone nozzle ; the history of Phylloxera vastatrix, of Phorodon humuli, of Vedalia cardinalis,- are illustrations in point: and, while we may not expect frequent results as striking or of as wide application as these, there is no end of important problems yet to be solved, and from the solution of which we may look for similar beneficial results. Applied entomology is often considered a sordid pursuit ; but it only becomes so when the object is sordid. When pursued with unselfish enthusiasm born of the love of investigation and the delight in benefiting our fellow-men, it is inspiring ; and there are few pursuits more deservedly so, considering the vast losses to our farmers from insect injury and the pressing need that the distressed husbandman has for every aid that can be given bim. Our work is elevating in its sympathies for the struggles and sufferings of others. Our standard should be high,- the pursuit of knowledge for the advancement of agriculture. No official entomologist should lower it by sordid aims. During the recent political campaign the farmer must have been sorely puzzled to know whether his interests needed protection or not. On the abstract question of tariff protection to his products, we, as entomologists, may no more agree than do the politicians, or than does the farmer himself ; but ours is a case of protection from in- jurious insects, and upon that there can nowhere be division of opinion. It is our duty to see that be gets it with as little tax for the means as possible. Gentlemen, I thank you.
2 very early cases of organ transplantation, in this case of sections of healthy ovaries from fertile women to women unintentionally or unknowingly subjected to oophorectomy, are described; the paper concentrates on surgical technique, for the outcome is preliminary at the time of publication.  The surgeon involved found donors willing to lose portions of their ovarian tissue, for various reasons, who were proven fertile.  In 1 case of transplantation, the recipient was made ready for transplantation concurrently with the donor, and no storage of organs was necessary; in the other, ovarian material was stored in saline for a period of time, and upon reintroduction to a pelvic cavity the material immediately became reinfused and appeared healthy.  Neither of the recipients had begun menstruating postsurgery at the time of this article's publication (about 6 months postoperatively), but signs were hopeful.  The technique is spelled out in a step-wise manner.
In a report of 192 cases of examinations of both husband and wife for cause of sterility, the husband was found at fault in 33 cases.  In 31, few spermatozoa were present and in 2, none.  The morphology of human spermatozoa is described in detail and the results of various staining methods compared.  Numerous drawings illustrate observed variations in morphology.  The common cause of azoospermia is an obliterating double epididymitis, usually of gonorrheal origin.  Permanent obliteration of the tube of the epididymis is exceptional rather than usual.  Persistent obstruction is most often only in the tail of the epididymis.  Motile spermatozoa may be found above the block.  The obstructed area may be bypassed by attaching the vas to any part of the epididymis on the testicular side of the obstruction or to the vasa efferentia.  This operation was successfully accomplished first in experiments on dogs.  A trial operation was done on a man with a history of bilateral epididymitis of gonorrheal origin followed by aspermia.  The cut end of the vas deferens was implanted into an incision in the head of the epididymis and secured with silver-wire sutures.  Semen showed many spermatozoa 19 days postoperation.  Whether the continuity of the duct will be permanently maintained was not determined.
A vasectomy technique is described and an argument for the sterilization of mental defectives, based on eugenics and the cost of institutionalizing mental defectives, is presented.
Reviewing the floral relations of North and South America as illustrated in the foregoing instances, we may say that the phenomena of distribution agree fairly with the record of physical conditions which have succeeded each other and those which still exist, and upon which we might almost a priori have predicted an analogous set of distribution phenomena. In this relationship we may distinguish three categories of distribution: (1) Those due to the conditions of human civilization, commerce, etc. This has resulted in placing the same species in similar regions of both continents, as, for example, Fagonia cretica in Lower California and Chile; Munroa squarrosa, western plains of North America, plains of Argentine and high plateaus of Chile and Bolivia; Frankenia grandiflora, Southern California and Arizona, coast lands of Chile; Oxytheca dendroidea, Lastarricea chilensis, and Chorizanthe comrnmissuralis, all in Southern California and Western Chile. (2) Those due to the operation of natural causes acting unde present conditions of climate, geology, etc. Under this head may be cited such species as sida leprosa, hastata, anomala, Cienfugosia sulphurea, Spergulariaplattensis and, in general, elements of Gulf zone distribution; also certain elements which still find a pathway along the continental axis, including some alpine and mountain xerophilous genera. (3) The third category of distribution would include those phenomena due to geological and climatic changes acting through long periods. Under this head are included the elements of greatest significance in the relationsip of the North and South America floras. The endemic boreal flora of the Andes, the equally endemic boreal flora of the Mexican Cordilleras, and genera with sharply distinct species or sub-genera in the arid extra-tropical regions of both continents, which may be called remnant elements.
1. The basic principle in Mendel's discoveries is that of the purity of t. he germcells; in accordance with this a cross-bred animal or plant produces germ-cells bearing only one of each pair of characters in which its parents differ. From it follows the occurrence in the second and later hybrid generations of a definite number of forms in definite numerical proportions. 2. Mendel's principle of dominance is realized in the heredity of a considerable number of characters among both animals and plants. In accordance with this principle, hybrid offspring have visibly the character of only one parent or the other, though they transmit those of both parents. 3. In other cases the hybrid has a distinctive character of its own. This may approximate more or less closely the character of one parent or the other, or it may be entirely different from both. Frequently the distinctive hybrid character resembles a lost ancestral character. In some cases of this sort, as in coat-color of mammals, the hybrid character probably results from a recomibination of the characters seen in one or both parents, with certain Other characters latent (that is, recessive) in one parent or the other. 4. There have been observed the following exceptions to the principle of dominance, or to the principle of purity of the germ-cells, or to both: (a) Mosaic inheritance, in which a pair of characters ordinarily related as dominant and recessive occur in a balanced relationship, side by side in the hybrid individual and frequently in its germ-cells also. This balanced condition, once obtained, is usually stable under close breeding, but is readily disturbed by cross-breeding, giving place then to the normal dominance. (b) Stable (self-perpetuating) hybrid forms result from certain crosses. These constitute an exception to both the law of dominance and to that of purity of the germ-cells. For the hybrid is like neither parent, but the characters of both parents exist in a stable union in the mature germcells produced by the hybrid. (c) Coupling, i. e., complete correlation may exist between two or more characters, so that they form a compound unit not separable in heredity, at least in certain crosses. (d) Disintegration of characters apparently simple may take place in consequence of cross-breeding. (e) Departures from the expected ratios of dominants to recessives may be explained in some cases as due to inferior vigor, and so greater mortality, on the part of dominants or recessives respectively. (f) Cases of apparent reversal of dominance may arise from 'false hybridization' (induced lparthenogenesis). Possibly in other cases the determination of dominance rests with circumstances as yet unknown. 5. Mendel's principles strengthen the view that species arise by discontinuous variation. They explain why new types are especially variable, how one variation causes others, and why certain variations are so persistent in their Occurrence.
The following facts are those which are put forth through paleontological observation, for verification by others: 1. That many origins of new characters are through some internal action in heredity. 2. That many important adaptive characters arise determinately, definitely, but by extremely slow stages. 3. That degrees of similarity in such origins correspond with degrees of kinship. 4. That degrees of kinship also affect to a certain extent, but not absolutely the time of appearance, or the time of the origin, or the rate of evolution. 5. That such origins find expression not sponta. neously, or irrespective of conditions, or from purely internal mechanical causes, but through some entirely unknown and at present inconceivable relation to ontogeny (habit and use), to environment (external conditions), and to selection. 6. That if such origins do spring from internal hereditary principles, as they appear to do in many eases, slow origins (mutations of de Vries) may be simply due to the same law operating with a different velocity.
1. In tuberculosis meningitis there is a tuberculosis endarteritis characterized by the formation of intimal tubercles and a diffuse subendothelial, intimal proliferation due to implantation of tubercle bacili from the blood. From the endarteritis the infiltration may spread into the muscular coat and the adventitia, and the whole wall may undergo caseous and hyaline degeneration. 2. Tuberculous proliferation in the adventitia may invade the media and the intima, and the whole wall of the arterial segment may undergo degeneration. 3. The veins are constantly the seat of more or less extensive infiltration, which always results from adjacent extravascular or arterial foci. 4. The epithelioid cells of the subendothelial, tuberculous intimal See PDF for Structure proliferation are most likely derived from the subendothelial layer of connective tissue and not from the endothelial lining.
Toxin of sufficient strength to kill a 400-gramme guinea-pig in three days and a half in a dose of 0.cubic centimetre developed in suitable bouillon, contained in ordinary Erlenmeyer flasks, within a period of twenty-four hours. In such boullon the toxin reached its greatest strength in from four to seven days (0.005 cubic centimetre killing a 500-gramme guinea-pig in three days). This period of time covered that of the greatest growth of the bacilli, as shown both by the appearance of the culture and by the number of colonies developing an agar plates. The bodies of the diphtheria bacili did not at any time contain toxin in cosiderable amounts. The type of growth of the bacili and the rapidity and extent of the production of toxin depended more on the reaction of the bouillon than upon any other single factor. The best results were obtained in bouillon which, after being neutralized to litmus, had about seven cubic centimetres of normal soda solution added to each litre. An excessive amount of either acid or alkali prevented the development of toxin. Strong toxin was produced in bouillon containing peptone ranging from one to ten per cent. The strength of toxin averaged greater in the two and four-per-cent peptone solutions than in the one-percent. When the stage of acid reaction was brief and the degree of acidity probably slight, strong toxin developed while the culture bouillon was still acid; but when the stage of acid reaction was prolonged, little if any toxin was produced until just before the fluid became alkaline. Glucose is deleterious to the growth of the diphtheria bacillus and to the production of toxin when it is present in sufficient amounts to cause by its disintegration too great a degree of acidity in the fluid culture. When the acid resulting from decomposition of glucose is neutralized by the addition of alkali the diphtheria bacilus again grows abundantly. Glucose is not present, at least as a rule, in sufficient amounts in the meat as obtained from the New York butchers to prevent the rapid production of strong toxin if the bouillon is made sufficiently alkaline. In our experiments, when other conditions were similar, the strength of the toxin was in proportion to the virulence and vigour of growth of the bacillus employed.
The most important of this investigation has been the completion of various improvements in the construction and use of the plethysmograph, by means of which numerous errors attending the use of the instrument have been eliminated. The results of the work show that all olfactory sensations, so far as they produce any effect through the vasomotor system, tend to diminish the volume of the arm, and therefore presumably cause a congestion of the brain. Whenever the stimulation occassions an increase in the volume of the arm, as sometimes happens, it seems to be due to acceleration of the heart rate, which, of course, tends also to increase the supply of blood to the brain. The of odours varies in extent with different individuals, and with the same individual at different times. It was most marked in subjects sensitive to odours. Irritant vapours, such as formic acid, have a marked effect in the same direction-that is, they cause a strong diminution in the volume of the arm. The experiments give no support to the view that pleasant sensations are accompanied by a diminution of the See PDF for Structure blood supply to the brain and unpleasant sensations by the reverse efeect. In all my experiments mental work caused a marked and prolonged diminution in the volume of the arm. This vasomotor effect was sometimes preceded by a transitory increase in the volume of the arm caused by acceleration of heart rate.
The pigmentary granules of the negro's skin and hair can be freed in several ways from the cells in which they are lodged and collected in any desired amount. As thus obtained, these granules are found to be insoluble in dilute alkalies, dilute hydrochloric acid (hot or cold), alcohol, or other organic solvents when applied in the order named. If, after they have been subjected to the action of dilute hydrochloric acid, they are again treated with dilute alkalies, they are found to give up their pigment, and, on the continued application of heat, the granules dissolve entirely in the alkaline solution, leaving only an insignificant residue. The pigmentary granules are composed of a colourless ground substance or substratum, a pigment, and much inorganic matter. Their inorganic constituents, as thus far determined, are calcium, magnesium, iron, and silicic, phosphoric, and sulphuric acids; and these constituents possibly play an important part in the deposition and fixation of the colouring matter in the granules. The pigment isolated from the granules, and sufficiently freed from adherent inorganic matter, contains only the merest trace of iron-so little, in fact, that we must think of it when entirely pure as free of iron. Heating the isolated pigment with barium hydrate at a temperature of 260 degrees C. entirely frees it from the closely adherent ground substance, and it is then found that the vapours of pyrrol are no longer emitted when it is subjected to dry distillation, and the odour of burnt feathers is no longer discerned, although nitrogen is still present. We can not conclude as the result of our work that the pigment is a derivative of haemoglobin; it seems to us more probable that it is ultimately derived from the proteids of the parenchymatous juices. The total quantity of soluble pigment in the skin of a negro of average size is found to weigh about 1 gramme; the weight of the pigmentary granules is about 3.3 grammes, if we are right in our assumption that they contain sixty-five per cent of water and five per cent of mineral constituents in their natural state in the epidermis. The pigments of the epidermis and hair of the negro are very likely identical. In the present state of our knowledge we can only say that it seems highly probable that the pigment of the negro's hair is not different from the dark pigment found in the hair of the white races, and we may infer that the pigment of the black skin differs only in amount and not in kind from that deposited in the skin of the white man.
1. All the features peculiar to the gross cysts of the thyroid gland which possess fluid contents appear to indicate that they are essentially of haemorrhagic origin. 2. While these gross cysts would seem more especially to occur in glands which already present the features of parenchymatous goitre, the theory of W?lfler that they originate as a consequence of spontaneous rupture of the vesicles is unsatisfactory. 3. It would seem more probable that these large cysts are due to rupture, traumatic or otherwise, of some of the vessels of the organ. The frequent signs of small haemorrhages in cases of parenchymatous goitre without evidence of associated gross change in the surrounding vesicles, the structure of the organ and its exposed position, all appear to favour this view.
THE DEDUCTIONS THAT MAY BE DRAWN FROM THE RESULTS OF THESE EXPERIMENTS ARE AS FOLLOWS: That the normal vital resistance of rabbits to infection by streptococcus pyogenes (erysipelatos) is markedly diminished through the influence of alcohol when given daily to the stage of acute intoxication. That a similar, though by no means so conspicuous, diminution of resistance to infection and intoxication by the bacillus coli communis also occurs in rabbits subjected to the same influences. And that, while in alcoholized rabbits inoculated in various ways with staphylococcus pyogenes aureus, individual instances of lowered resistance are observed, still it is impossible to say from these experiments that in general a marked difference is noticed between alcoholized and non-alcoholized animals as regards infection by this particular organism. It is interesting to note that the results of inoculation of alcoholized rabbits with the erysipelas coccus correspond in a way with clinical observations on human beings addicted to the excessive use of alcohol when infected by this organism. In the course of the work an effort was made to determine if, through the oxidation of alcohol in the tissues to acids of the corresponding chemical group, the increase of susceptibility could be referred to a diminution in the alkalinity of the blood as a result of the presence of such acids. The number of experiments thus far made on this point is too small to justify dogmatic statements, but from what we have gathered there is but little evidence in support of this view. Throughout these experiments, with few exceptions, it will be seen that the alcoholized animals not only showed the effects of the inoculations earlier than did the non-alcoholized rabbits, but in the case of the streptococcus inoculations the lesions produced (formation of miliary abscesses) were much more pronounced than are those that usually follow inoculation with this organism. With regard to the predisposing influence of the alcohol, one is constrained to believe that it is in most cases the result of structural alterations consequent upon its direct action on the tissues, though in a number of the animals no such alteration could be made out by macroscopic examination. I am inclined, however, to the belief, in the light of the work of Berkley and of Friedenwald, done under the direction of Prof. Welch, in the Pathological Laboratory of the Johns Hopkina University, that a closer study of the tissues of these animals would have revealed in all of them structural changes of such a nature as to indicate disturbances of important vital functions of sufficient gravity to fully account for the loss of normal resistance. The conspicuous influence of the alcohol on the gastric mucous membrane in many of these animals, with the consequent disturbance of nutrition, is undoubtedly the explanation of the marked loss in body weight that was observed in many of the animals employed in these experiments. In this light the susceptibility induced by alcohol to excess is somewhat analogous to that induced by starvation, where we see the resistance of animals to particular forms of infection very markedly diminished.
The glanders nodule in the class of cases studied by us is in no sense analogous to the miliary tubercle in its histogenesis, and our studies afford no support to Baumgarten's views. The primary effect of the bacillus of glanders on a tissue we found to be not a production of epithelioid cells, which undergo necrosis and invasion by leucocytes, as happens in the cases in which the bacillus of tuberculosis is concerned, but to be the production of primary necrosis of the tissue, followed by inflammatory exudation, often of a suppurative character. Degenerative changes rapidly ensue in the inflammatory products. These conclusions are in harmony with the observations of Tedeschi, above referred to.
The purpura accompanying the two foregoing cases of sarcoimatosis would seem to find its explanation in the coexistence of several factors, the main feature being an involvement of the vascular system by the sarcomatous elements. There existed in Case I a direct lesion of the vessel wall whereby the sarcoma cells invaded directly the various coats, and were found mainly between the intima and the adventitia, dissecting their way, as it were, along these tracts in the vessel walls. There was further an extensive involvement of the perivascular lymphatics, from which point, indeed, it would seem that the sarcoma cells had invaded the walls of the vessels themselves. In Case II, moreover, not only was there a definite invasion of the lymph spaces near the vessels, but, furthermore, there was undoubted evidence of the existence of emboli of sarcoma cells in the lumina of the blood vessels; and in the immediate vicinity of such conditions haemorrhages were invariably found. While some vessels, and indeed a great many, were quite free from such emboli, in others the lumina were completely occluded by spindle cells, so as to preclude the possibility that these were merely a collection of desquamated endothelial cells, such as is frequently found as the result of post-mortem changes. That such an embolic condition can exist is by no means an unreasonable supposition, and, while it is generally recognised that multiple sarcomata are usually made up of small round cells, in this case we have an undoubted example of sarcomatosis of the spindle-celled variety. There are numerous instances of this " embolic purpura," as it may be called, especially in French and German literature, the condition being associated with rheumatism, valvular lesions of the heart, and other diseases which induce directly or indirectly the formation of emboli. Krauss, Gimard, Leloir, and others have insisted with considerable emphasis on the embolic origin of many purpuric conditions, and in some instances they have verified their observations by histological examination. Leloir assumes that, in addition to the presence of the ordinary emboli and the changes in the vessel walls with desquamative endarteritis, the blood itself may be much altered chemically, and that in the cachectic conditions clots may be thrown down from the circulating blood and be carried onward to form capillary emboli, with resulting haemorrhagic infarctions. Krogerer, some ten years ago, in examining the skin removed from patients with symptomatic purpura, found definite thromboses in the smaller veins, and even in the arteries. According to his view, the alterations in the vessel walls gave rise to slowed circulation and tendency to thrombosis, bringing about a liability to haemorrhages. His plates bear out his theories regarding the thrombi, many of which show considerable organization. But a careful examination of the purpuric areas shows further that a mere invasion of the vascular system by sarcoma cells can not explain all the various blood effusions present. On examining the skin, for instance, in those areas where large irregular haemorrhages had occurred, there was but little evidence of vascular invasion, while the emboli, on the other hand, seemed to exist mainly in the localized smaller and more circumscribed patches. One must therefore conclude that in such instances a combination of factors will alone afford a rational explanation of the purpura, and that in the general condition of the patient we shall find another cause for the enormous effusions of blood. In both of our cases there were high fever, cachexia, and a rapid progressive asthenia, all being the results of a sarcomatosis, and implying also grave alterations in the composition of the blood. From this we may infer an altered condition of the vessel walls, and hence probably a combination of circumstances sufficient to explain the incidence of haemorrhage. The raised cutaneous nodules in our second case, some of which were haemorrhagic, can not be regarded as pure sarcomatous metastases, for on microscopic examination they merely revealed haemorrhage or necrosis, or both, and sometimes plugging of the vessels. There was nowhere in these nodules evidence of new growths. Such elevations, then, must have been produced rather by a temporary serous or cellular exudation coincident with or following upon the haemorrhage-a probability which is emphasized by the fact that during the last days of the patient's illness many of the nodules diminished in size. Whether the oedema and infiltration were secondary to the embolic process in the subcutaneous vessels or whether they were merely coincident with the haemorrhage would be difficult to decide. The ringlike spots, however, are of special interest, inasmuch as it has been shown that they have been present in more than one case of sarcoma. It is not impossible that such spots may be definitely related either to the embolic processes or to a direct invasion of the cutaneous vessels, though, so far as we know, there do not exist any experimental proofs to bear out such a theory. From what has been said, however, it is evident that the cutaneous vessels were plugged during the last few days of the illness, at a time when the walls of the smaller vessels and capillaries were already greatly enfeebled. The result of the embolic formation may therefore mean a decided deficiency in the supply of nutriment to the involved area, the collateral circulation naturally being poor under the circumstances. As soon, then, as the vessels had become plugged, the surrounding blood supply would be poured in to a limited extent, and, on meeting the enfeebled vessels, might possibly break through their thin walls, thus producing a zone of haemorrhage around the area deprived of its normal nutrition. In other words, the condition may be regarded as in many respects analogous to that presented in embolic infarcts in regions with end arteries, central necrosis with peripheral congestion and haemorrhage being induced, the latter being chiefly limited to the outer zone of the necrotic area. The cutaneous vessels under such circumstances may be regarded as end arteries in a functional sense, since the collateral circulation would be so diminished under the altered conditions that no complete nourishment could be afforded to the area supplied normally by the plugged vessel. Von Recklinghausen has directed especial attention to the occurrence of cutaneous haemorrhages following embolic or thrombotic occlusion of peripheral arteries. The possibility of some toxic condition as a factor in the production of the purpura in our cases may also be suggested; but while we would not exclude this possibility, we are unable to find any positive evidence in its favour. Focal necroses, which are often associated with toxic and infectious processes, were present only in direct association with the haemorrhages, and were not distributed in the liver, spleen, and kidneys in the manner characteristic of toxic infections. Nevertheless the absence of these necroses does not exclude the possibility of the existence of some form of toxaemia. Infection demonstrable by bacteriological examination was absent, and there is no reason to regard our cases as allied to the infectious purpuras. The thermic theory suggested by Fagge at all events finds no place in the production of the multiple tumours in our cases, inasmuch as in each instance extensive visceral growths had given rise to the metastases.
a. The blood of apparently normal animals undergoes considerable variations within physiological limits. b. After a loss of blood the regeneration is more rapid if there has been a transfusion of an artificial serum. c. Regeneration after transfusion is less rapid during the first half of the regeneration period than during the second half. d. The regenerative processes once stimulated into activity carry the blood, qualitatively, considerably beyond the established normal. (See Plate XXXIII.) Otto (2) observed a similar phenomenon. e. The quantity of haemoglobin per volume of red blood-corpuscles is not constant. f. The volume of red blood-corpuscles varies as the product of the average volume of individual corpuscles and the number of corpuscles per unit volume. (V proportional, variant v x n). g. When the number of the corpuscles increases the size decreases, and conversely, (n proportional, variant(1/2)). h. The quantity of haemoglobin varies in general with the number of red blood-corpuscles per unit volume. (Hb. proportional, variant n).
1. Children of the two sexes differ very little in the character of their respiratory movements. 2. Between girls and women and boys and men there is little or no difference in respiratory type. 3. Childbearing does not permanently affect respiration. 4. The natural type of respiration, for both sexes is one in which the movement is fairly equally balanced between chest and abdomen, the abdominal being somewhat in excess. 5. In typical unconstricted individuals the chest contributes about the same bulk of air as does the abdomen. 6. Constricting dress causes preponderance of thoracic movement in ratio to its restriction of abdominal movement and to the sensitiveness of the nervous co-ordination.